showcases/emulation/basic/doc/index.rst, before:

Emulation basics
================

Goals
-----

This showcase demonstrates the basic features of the emulation support in INET.
Each configuration represents the same conceptual network but each of them divide the
network (or network nodes) into simulated and real-world parts in a different
way. The focus is on the different possibilities of this division of the conceptual
network, the required simulation and real-world configuration, and the operation.

INET version: ``4.1``

Source files location: `inet/showcases/emulation/basic <https://github.com/inet-framework/inet-showcases/tree/master/emulation/basic>`__

The network
-----------

All of the following examples present a simple conceptual network and a simple scenario.
The network consists of two hosts, one of which - may it be real or simulated
- pings the other one:

.. figure:: imgs/conceptual_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

In each configuration, a different part of the conceptual network
is extracted into the real world. The simulated part of the network is configured
form the ini file as usual, though not only the simulated, but the real part needs
to be configured as well. For each example, all commands for the configuration of
the host computer are contained by the ``Test<ConfigurationName>.sh`` shell scripts.
These scripts are self-contained and ready to be run under Linux.

This showcase presents the separation features using mainly the Ethernet interface as
the separation point between the real and the simulated environment in various ways.

.. TODO: maybe a fully simulated scenario would be appropriate at the beginning.

Real Sender, Simulated Connection and Receiver
----------------------------------------------

.. real sender host, simulated connection and receiver host

This example simulation presents a real ping application sending ping requests
to a simulated node. The separation between the simulation and the real world
takes place in the Ethernet interface of the sender host. The part of the network below
the Ethernet interface is run in the simulation, while the real host's protocol stack
is used above the Ethernet interface. This kind of separation can be achieved using
the :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` as the sender host's Ethernet interface.

The :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` represents an Ethernet network interface which
has its upper part in the real world and its lower part in the simulation. Packets
received by the simulated network interface from the network will be received on the
real interface. Packets received by the real network interface from above will be sent
out on the underlying simulated network interface. This module requires a TAP device
in the host OS. The simulation sends and receives packets through the TAP device using
the OS file API.

The sender host's Ethernet interface is configured in the ini file. The type of the interface
is set to :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface`, and the TAP device that it uses is called
``tap0``. The interface is set to copy the remaining configurations, such as IP address, from
the external TAP device, therefore these properties do not need to be configured here.

.. The sender host's :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` is configured as follows in the ini file:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.sender.eth[0].typename = "ExtUpperEthernetInterface"
   :end-at: *.sender.eth[0].copyConfiguration = "copyFromExt"

.. The IP address and other configuratons of the Ethernet interface are not explicitly configured,
.. but instead they are set to be copied form the TAP device.

The only configuration needed for the receiver host is to set the IP address of its
Ethernet interface. This IP address is later also set as the destination address
of the ping request messages.

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='receiver' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.2' netmask='255.255.255.0'
   :end-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='receiver' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.2' netmask='255.255.255.0'

The simulated part of the network is now properly configured.
The further configurations affect the real OS and are contained in the
``TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh`` shell script.

.. At this point, the ``TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh`` shell script
.. can be run from the terminal. This script file contains all the required
.. commands to create the TAP device, run the simulation and save the results.

In the host computer, the above mentioned TAP device is created and an
IP address from within the same subnet as the receiver host is assigned to it:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # create TAP interface
   :end-at: sudo ip link set dev tap0 up

.. The simulation is also run using commands from the shell script.
.. After that, the simulation can be run.

When the TAP interface is brought up, the simulation is run.
While it is running, a ping command is executed in order to ping into the simulation
from the real OS of the host computer.

.. While it is running, the ping command with
.. the IP address of the simulated receiver host is run from the terminal.

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # run simulation
   :end-at: ping -c 2 -W 2 192.168.2.2 > ping.out

The real ping application of the host computer generates the ECHO REQUEST messages.
Every message is routed through the virtual TAP interface. The sender node's Ethernet
interface reads the TAP device - this point is the bridge between the real operating environment
and the simulation. The ECHO REQUEST message is then sent to the receiver host
inside the simulation. This replies to the request by sending back an ECHO REPLY
message. The :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` of the sender host writes
the message into the TAP interface. The real ping application
of the OS receives the ECHO REPLY message and prints the result into the ``ping.out``
file.

The following schematic image illustrates the structure of the network and
the route of the messages:

.. figure:: imgs/ExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

.. After the simulation stops, the output of the pinging contained in the ``ping.out`` file are checked
.. and the TAP interface is destroyed:

The script file also takes care of examining whether the emulation was
successful by checking the content of the ``ping.out`` file.
At the end, the TAP device is also destroyed:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # check output
   :end-at: sudo ip tuntap del mode tap dev tap0

Simulated Sender and Connection, Real Receiver
----------------------------------------------

.. simulated sender host and connection, real receiver host

This time a simulated ping application sends ping requests to the host computer.
The real world and the simulation are separated in the Ethernet interface of the
receiver host. The simulation is run below the Ethernet interface, while the
host computer is above it. This kind of separation is again achieved using the
:ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface`:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.receiver.eth[0].typename = "ExtUpperEthernetInterface"
   :end-at: *.receiver.eth[0].copyConfiguration = "copyFromExt"

The IP address of the simulated sender host's Ethernet interface is set as
the following:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='sender' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.1' netmask='255.255.255.0'
   :end-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='sender' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.1' netmask='255.255.255.0'

Since the ping application sending the ping request messages is in the simulated
sender host, it is configured in the ``omnetpp.ini`` file. The destination address
is set to the IP address that is going to be assigned to the TAP device.

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.sender.numApps = 1
   :end-at: *.sender.app[0].printPing = true

The configurations of the ``TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh`` shell script are
very similar to the ones explained in the previous example. After the TAP device is
created and brought up, the simulation is be run. In this example however,
the simulated ping application of the sender host generates the
ECHO REQUEST messages. Each message is routed towards the receiver host inside the
simulation. The receiver host's Ethernet interface writes the messages into the
TAP device. The host computer gets the requests and replies by sending an
ECHO REPLY message addressed to the sender host. The :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` of
the receiver host reads the TAP device and forwards the messages towards the sender host inside
the simulation. The results of the pinging can be found in the ``inet.out`` file.

.. figure:: imgs/ExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInReceiver_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

Real Sender and Connection, Simulated Receiver
----------------------------------------------

.. real below the Ethernet interface of the receiver host
.. real sender host and connection, simulated receiver host

In this example, a real ping application in the sender host sends the ping request messages
to the simulated receiver host.
In the previous two examples, not only one of the hosts was part of the simulation, but the link between them
as well. In this example however, the link will be also set up by the real OS.
For this kind of separation we use the :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` as the receiver host's
Ethernet interface. This represents an Ethernet network interface which has its lower part in the
real operating environment and its upper part in the simulation. The working mechanism is
similar to that of the :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface`. Packets sent to the interface will be
sent out on the host OS interface, and packets received by the host OS interface will appear
in the simulation as if received on the interface. The lower part of the network interface is
realized in the real world using a real ethernet socket of the host computer which is running the
simulation. This device requires a pair of connected virtual ethernet interface in the host OS.

Only the receiver host needs to be configured in the ini file, because the sender
host is fully real.

.. For the sender host is fully real, only the receiver host needs some configurations
.. in the ini file:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-after: description = "real ping application in sender sends ping requests to receiver using ExtLowerEthernetInterface in receiver"
   :end-at: *.receiver.eth[0].copyConfiguration = "copyFromExt"

In the host OS, the above mentioned veth devices need to be created and brought up. A route
for the virtual link also needs to be added. The steps for the configuration are
contained in the ``TestExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh`` shell script:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # create virtual ethernet link: veth0 <--> veth1
   :end-at: sudo route add -net 192.168.2.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 dev veth0

After the veth pair is successfully created, the simulation is run and the ping
application is started:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # run simulation
   :end-at: ping -c 2 -W 2 192.168.2.2 > ping.out

The real ping application of the host computer generates the ECHO REQUEST messages.
Each message is routed through the connected virtual ethernet interfaces ``veth0`` and ``veth1``.
The receiver node's Ethernet interface reads ``veth1`` and the ECHO REQUEST message is passed forward
inside the simulation. The receiver host gets the message and replies to it.
The :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` of the receiver host writes the message into
the veth device, which is then sent to the sender host in the real OS. The results
are saved into the ``ping.out`` file.

.. figure:: imgs/ExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

Simulated Sender, Real Connection and Receiver
----------------------------------------------

.. simulated sender host, real connection and receiver host

This time a simulated ping application in the sender host sends ping request messages
to the real receiver host. The :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` is now used as the sender host's
ethernet interface.

Now that the sender host is simulated, besides its ethernet interface the ping
application needs to be configured as well:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-after: description = "simulated ping application in sender sends ping requests to receiver using ExtLowerEthernetInterface in sender"
   :end-at: *.sender.eth[0].device = "veth0

The veth devices are created with the help of the script file. The destination address
for the ping application in the sender host needs to be the same as the IP address of ``veth1``.
When the veth devices are properly configured and brought up, the simulation is started.

The simulated ping application in the sender host sends the PING REQUEST message towards the receiver host.
The :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` of the sender host writes the message into the ``veth0``
virtual ethernet device. The message the arrives at ``veth1`` and is processed be the host OS.
A PING REPLY message is then routed through the veth devices, where the :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface`
of the sender host read ``veth0`` and processes the reply message. The output is written into the
``inet.out`` file.

.. figure:: imgs/ExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInSender_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

Other possibilities
-------------------

Not only the Ethernet interface can be used as a separation point between the real and the simulated
parts of the network. Some other possibilities are the following:

- :ned:`ExtUpperIeee80211Interface`
.. TODO: why is ExtLowerIeee... not possible
- :ned:`ExtLowerUdp`
.. - :ned:`ExtLowerIpv4NetworkLayer`
.. - :ned:`ExtUpperIpv4NetworkLayer`

Further Information
-------------------

Discussion
----------

Use `this page <https://github.com/inet-framework/inet-showcases/issues/??>`__ in
the GitHub issue tracker for commenting on this showcase.

Commit message:

emulation_basics: fully simulated scenarios added + cleanup

showcases/emulation/basic/doc/index.rst, after:

Emulation basics
================

Goals
-----

This showcase demonstrates the basic features of the emulation support in INET.
Each configuration represents the same conceptual network but each of them divide the
network (or network nodes) into simulated and real-world parts in a different
way. The focus is on the different possibilities of this division of the conceptual
network, the required simulation and real-world configuration, and the operation.

INET version: ``4.1``

Source files location: `inet/showcases/emulation/basic <https://github.com/inet-framework/inet-showcases/tree/master/emulation/basic>`__

The network
-----------

All of the following examples present a simple conceptual network and a simple scenario.
The network consists of two hosts, one of which - may it be real or simulated
- pings the other one:

.. figure:: imgs/conceptual_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

In each configuration, a different part of the conceptual network
is extracted into the real world. The simulated part of the network is configured
form the ini file as usual, though not only the simulated, but the real part needs
to be configured as well. For each example, all commands for the configuration of
the host computer are contained by the ``Test<ConfigurationName>.sh`` shell scripts.
These scripts are self-contained and ready to be run under Linux.

This showcase presents the separation features using mainly the Ethernet interface as
the separation point between the real and the simulated environment in various ways.

.. TODO: maybe a fully simulated scenario would be appropriate at the beginning.

Real Sender, Simulated Connection and Receiver
----------------------------------------------

This example simulation presents a real ping application sending ping requests
to a simulated node. The separation between the simulation and the real world
takes place in the Ethernet interface of the sender host. The part of the network below
the Ethernet interface is run in the simulation, while the real host's protocol stack
is used above the Ethernet interface. This kind of separation can be achieved using
the :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` as the sender host's Ethernet interface.

The :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` represents an Ethernet network interface which
has its upper part in the real world and its lower part in the simulation. Packets
received by the simulated network interface from the network will be received on the
real interface. Packets received by the real network interface from above will be sent
out on the underlying simulated network interface. This module requires a TAP device
in the host OS. The simulation sends and receives packets through the TAP device using
the OS file API.

The sender host's Ethernet interface is configured in the ini file. The type of the interface
is :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface`, and the name of the TAP device that it uses is
``tap0``. The interface is set to copy the remaining configurations, such as IP address, from
the external TAP device, therefore these properties do not need to be configured here.

.. The sender host's :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` is configured as follows in the ini file:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.sender.eth[0].typename = "ExtUpperEthernetInterface"
   :end-at: *.sender.eth[0].copyConfiguration = "copyFromExt"

.. The IP address and other configuratons of the Ethernet interface are not explicitly configured,
.. but instead they are set to be copied form the TAP device.

The only configuration needed for the receiver host is to set the IP address of its
Ethernet interface. This IP address is later also set as the destination address
of the ping request messages.

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='receiver' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.2' netmask='255.255.255.0'
   :end-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='receiver' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.2' netmask='255.255.255.0'

The simulated part of the network is now properly configured.
The further configurations affect the real OS and are contained in the
``TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh`` shell script.

.. At this point, the ``TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh`` shell script
.. can be run from the terminal. This script file contains all the required
.. commands to create the TAP device, run the simulation and save the results.

In the host computer, the above mentioned TAP device is created and an
IP address from within the same subnet as the receiver host is assigned to it:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # create TAP interface
   :end-at: sudo ip link set dev tap0 up

.. The simulation is also run using commands from the shell script.
.. After that, the simulation can be run.

When the TAP interface is brought up, the simulation is run.
While it is running, a ping command is executed in order to ping into the simulation
from the real OS of the host computer.

.. While it is running, the ping command with
.. the IP address of the simulated receiver host is run from the terminal.

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # run simulation
   :end-at: ping -c 2 -W 2 192.168.2.2 > ping.out

The real ping application of the host computer generates the ECHO REQUEST messages.
Every message is routed through the virtual TAP interface. The sender node's Ethernet
interface reads the TAP device - this point is the bridge between the real operating environment
and the simulation. The ECHO REQUEST message is then sent to the receiver host
inside the simulation. This replies to the request by sending back an ECHO REPLY
message. The :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` of the sender host writes
the message into the TAP interface. The real ping application
of the OS receives the ECHO REPLY message and prints the result into the ``ping.out``
file.

The following schematic image illustrates the structure of the network and
the route of the messages:

.. figure:: imgs/ExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

.. After the simulation stops, the output of the pinging contained in the ``ping.out`` file are checked
.. and the TAP interface is destroyed:

The script file also takes care of examining whether the emulation was
successful by checking the content of the ``ping.out`` file.
At the end, the TAP device is also destroyed:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInSender.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # check output
   :end-at: sudo ip tuntap del mode tap dev tap0

Simulated Sender and Connection, Real Receiver
----------------------------------------------

.. simulated sender host and connection, real receiver host

This time a simulated ping application sends ping requests to the host computer.
The real world and the simulation are separated in the Ethernet interface of the
receiver host. The simulation is run below the Ethernet interface, while the
host computer is above it. This kind of separation is again achieved using the
:ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface`:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.receiver.eth[0].typename = "ExtUpperEthernetInterface"
   :end-at: *.receiver.eth[0].copyConfiguration = "copyFromExt"

The IP address of the simulated sender host's Ethernet interface is set as
the following:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='sender' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.1' netmask='255.255.255.0'
   :end-at: *.configurator.config = xml("<config><interface hosts='sender' names='eth0' address='192.168.2.1' netmask='255.255.255.0'

Since the ping application sending the ping request messages is in the simulated
sender host, it is configured in the ``omnetpp.ini`` file. The destination address
is set to the IP address that is going to be assigned to the TAP device.

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-at: *.sender.numApps = 1
   :end-at: *.sender.app[0].printPing = true

The configurations of the ``TestExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh`` shell script are
very similar to the ones explained in the previous example. After the TAP device is
created and brought up, the simulation is be run. In this example however,
the simulated ping application of the sender host generates the
ECHO REQUEST messages. Each message is routed towards the receiver host inside the
simulation. The receiver host's Ethernet interface writes the messages into the
TAP device. The host computer gets the requests and replies by sending an
ECHO REPLY message addressed to the sender host. The :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface` of
the receiver host reads the TAP device and forwards the messages towards the sender host inside
the simulation. The results of the pinging can be found in the ``inet.out`` file.

.. figure:: imgs/ExtUpperEthernetInterfaceInReceiver_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

Real Sender and Connection, Simulated Receiver
----------------------------------------------

.. real below the Ethernet interface of the receiver host
.. real sender host and connection, simulated receiver host

In this example, a real ping application in the sender host sends the ping request messages
to the simulated receiver host.
In the previous two examples, not only one of the hosts was part of the simulation, but the link between them
as well. In this example however, the link will be also set up by the real OS.
For this kind of separation we use the :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` as the receiver host's
Ethernet interface. This represents an Ethernet network interface which has its lower part in the
real operating environment and its upper part in the simulation. The working mechanism is
similar to that of the :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface`. Packets sent to the interface will be
sent out on the host OS interface, and packets received by the host OS interface will appear
in the simulation as if received on the interface. The lower part of the network interface is
realized in the real world using a real ethernet socket of the host computer which is running the
simulation. This device requires a pair of connected virtual ethernet interface in the host OS.

Only the receiver host needs to be configured in the ini file, because the sender
host is fully real.

.. For the sender host is fully real, only the receiver host needs some configurations
.. in the ini file:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-after: description = "real ping application in sender sends ping requests to receiver using ExtLowerEthernetInterface in receiver"
   :end-at: *.receiver.eth[0].copyConfiguration = "copyFromExt"

In the host OS, the above mentioned veth devices need to be created and brought up. A route
for the virtual link also needs to be added. The steps for the configuration are
contained in the ``TestExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh`` shell script:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # create virtual ethernet link: veth0 <--> veth1
   :end-at: sudo route add -net 192.168.2.0 netmask 255.255.255.0 dev veth0

After the veth pair is successfully created, the simulation is run and the ping
application is started:

.. literalinclude:: ../TestExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver.sh
   :language: sh
   :start-at: # run simulation
   :end-at: ping -c 2 -W 2 192.168.2.2 > ping.out

The real ping application of the host computer generates the ECHO REQUEST messages.
Each message is routed through the connected virtual ethernet interfaces ``veth0`` and ``veth1``.
The receiver node's Ethernet interface reads ``veth1`` and the ECHO REQUEST message is passed forward
inside the simulation. The receiver host gets the message and replies to it.
The :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` of the receiver host writes the message into
the veth device, which is then sent to the sender host in the real OS.

.. figure:: imgs/ExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInReceiver_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

Simulated Sender, Real Connection and Receiver
----------------------------------------------

.. simulated sender host, real connection and receiver host

This time a simulated ping application in the sender host sends ping request messages
to the real receiver host. The :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` is now used as the sender host's
ethernet interface.

Now that the sender host is simulated, besides its ethernet interface the ping
application needs to be configured as well:

.. literalinclude:: ../omnetpp.ini
   :language: ini
   :start-after: description = "simulated ping application in sender sends ping requests to receiver using ExtLowerEthernetInterface in sender"
   :end-at: *.sender.eth[0].device = "veth0

The veth devices are created with the help of the script file. The destination address
for the ping application in the sender host needs to be the same as the IP address of ``veth1``.
When the veth devices are properly configured and brought up, the simulation is started.

The simulated ping application in the sender host sends the PING REQUEST message towards the receiver host.
The :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface` of the sender host writes the message into the ``veth0``
virtual ethernet device. The message the arrives at ``veth1`` and is processed be the host OS.
A PING REPLY message is then routed through the veth devices, where the :ned:`ExtLowerEthernetInterface`
of the sender host read ``veth0`` and processes the reply message.

.. figure:: imgs/ExtLowerEthernetInterfaceInSender_embedded_text.svg
   :width: 100%
   :align: center

Other possibilities
-------------------

Not only the Ethernet interface can be used as a separation point between the real and the simulated
parts of the network. Some other possibilities are the following:

- :ned:`ExtUpperIeee80211Interface`
.. TODO: why is ExtLowerIeee... not possible
- :ned:`ExtLowerUdp`
.. - :ned:`ExtLowerIpv4NetworkLayer`
.. - :ned:`ExtUpperIpv4NetworkLayer`

The usage of the :ned:`ExtUpperIeee80211Interface` in the WLAN interface of the hosts requires
a nearly identical configuration as the :ned:`ExtUpperEthernetInterface`. Therefore there is
no need to go further into details with this module. The ``ExtUpperIeee80211Interface``
is not implemented yet.

.. TODO: explain why it is not possible to implement the ExtUpperIeee80211Interface

Further Information
-------------------

Discussion
----------

Use `this page <https://github.com/inet-framework/inet-showcases/issues/??>`__ in
the GitHub issue tracker for commenting on this showcase.
